## 21Preliminary
feel put out  
感到厌烦

allow for  
考虑到  
we surely can arrive at the destination on time but we'd better ==allow for== some happenings on the trip.

take in  
吸收，收留

occupational  
（有关）职业的  
professional  
专业的  
For professional footballers, injuries are an occupational hazard.

attribute to  
归因于（+原因）  
contribute to  
导致（+结果）

might as well do  
倒不如  
Our holiday were ruied by the weather: we **might as well** hava stayed at home.

recycle -> recyclable

dispose  
v. 处置，处理  
dispose of sth  
disposable  
一次性的，可自由支配的

be **fully** awear of sth  
充分意识到

#20Preliminary
1. There was a beautiful Mozart concert on the Internet ==from== six o'clock ==until== a quarter past eight.
2. **a + 序数词 表示“又一”“再一”**
	I have tried twice, but my mothers asks me to have a third try.
3. **agree to sth 同意（安排、计划）
	agree on sth 对……有相同的看法**
4. Those participants were standing so far away that I couldn't **make out(费力地看出、听出)** their faces clearly.
5. **unreal & unrealistic**
	unreal表示看起来虚幻
	unrealistic表示事物与现实相去甚远
6. throw sth **away**
7. do **garbage-sorting**
	做垃圾分类
8. for the past one thousand year **or so**
	**近**千年来
9. **approach** sth as an object of study
	把……作为研究对象
10. on & above
	on强调两者有接触
	above 只是笼统地表示“在……之上”，表示位置之高
	eg. The GPS satellites are about 20, 000 kilometers **above** the Earth.
11. a seconde可作为时间状语，不需要加介词
	eg. It does this several times a second.
12. It works in **exactly** the same way.
	exactly修饰形容词same
13. automobile licence plate
	车牌



## 22Final
The chart shows us the growth of China's express delivery industry between 2020 and 2021. As we can see, overall, the number of parcels handled in 2021 is higher than that in 2020 while them follow the same trend of growth in every month. The number of parcels handed in 2020 and 2021 both bottomed out in February and peaked in November. The reason behind may be that people all of the nation go back to their hometown to reunite with their family and enjoy the Spring Festival together. What's more, as the 11th. November is China's purchasing day when you can buy many things with a lower price than usual.
From the analysis above, we can draw a conclusion that in the following years, the trend of growth in the number of parcels handled each month will remain the same with of amount of each month increasing. China's express delivery industry experienced a significant growth after the COVID-19.

As is known to all, it is of vital importance to focus on the right thing at the right time. For instance, it is even more vital when crossing the road.
Nowadays, as the contents on social media platform are becoming more and more interesting, it is more often than not that people get distracted when crossing the crossroads, which means they constantly check their phones without paying attention to the road. Not only do the people walk on the streets using their phones at the wrong time but many drivers also using phones when driving, which is more dangerous for it might lead to car crushes. In my opinion, whoever on the road or behind the wheel ought to focus their attention fully on the road  to avoid potential danger of being hit or hit the people. So fining for using phones when crossing the road is necessary, especially the drivers since getting distracted when driving can do severe harm. 
Although it is tough to identify the illegal behavior and take effective measures, we should promote the idea of stopping using mobile phones and be fully focused on the road. 

These years, with the rapid development of online shopping, the express delivery has become one of the supporting industries.
Overall, the above chart shows the growth of China's delivery industry, as more parcels were delivered in 2021 than in the previous years. In both years, it is obvious that people tend to buy a lot in November, with a total of 11330 million pieces of parcels delivered. The reason is that November saw the **shopping carnival** in China——Double Eleven, **on which** consumers can **share
great discount**. **By contrast**, the number of parcels is the smallest in February, at only 4620 million. In this month, people often celebrate the Chinese New Year and the delivers will have a break during this period. **Apart from** these two months, the average number of parcels handled **fluctuated around** 9000 million in 2021.
The two years witnessed the soaring development of  the delivery industry in China, which reflects people's enthusiasm on online shopping.

The highly developed technology has witnessed the improvement of our life quality, but also leaded to some bad habits. One that should be highlighted is staring at phones while crossing the road, which may end up with severe accident. Thus, I totally agree with the regulation that someone who crosses the road with using the phone should be fined. 
We should all realize the *seriousness* of the matter. When focusing on the massage or conversation on the smartphone, people pay little attention to their surroundings. Most of them even don't look up to see the signal light, which is dangerous to both passengers and drivers. *What's worse*,  some are so *engrossed(全神贯注的，专心致志的) in* the music on their phone that they miss *the car horns(车喇叭)*. Though it is hard to correct the bad habit, the fine will force people to think twice before texting while crossing the road, and gradually they may realize the danger of it.
Next time when we are walking, try to forget your phones and admire the beautiful scenes around you. This would help you avoid being fined, but also send you a good mood.

